Test that system colors for CSS values are correct.

On success, you will see a series of "PASS" messages, followed by "TEST COMPLETE".


-apple-system-background
rgb(255, 255, 255)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(255, 255, 255)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(0, 0, 0)            	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(28, 28, 30)         	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-blue
rgb(0, 122, 255)        	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(0, 122, 255)        	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(10, 132, 255)       	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(10, 132, 255)       	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-brown
rgb(162, 132, 94)       	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(162, 132, 94)       	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(172, 142, 104)      	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(172, 142, 104)      	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-container-border
rgba(60, 60, 67, 0.29)  	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgba(60, 60, 67, 0.29)  	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgba(84, 84, 88, 0.6)   	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgba(84, 84, 88, 0.6)   	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-control-background
rgb(255, 255, 255)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(255, 255, 255)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(0, 0, 0)            	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(28, 28, 30)         	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-gray
rgb(142, 142, 147)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(142, 142, 147)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(142, 142, 147)      	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(142, 142, 147)      	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-green
rgb(52, 199, 89)        	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(52, 199, 89)        	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(48, 209, 88)        	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(48, 209, 88)        	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-grid
rgba(60, 60, 67, 0.29)  	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgba(60, 60, 67, 0.29)  	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgba(84, 84, 88, 0.6)   	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgba(84, 84, 88, 0.6)   	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-grouped-background
rgb(242, 242, 247)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(242, 242, 247)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(0, 0, 0)            	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(28, 28, 30)         	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-header-text
rgb(0, 0, 0)            	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(0, 0, 0)            	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(255, 255, 255)      	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(255, 255, 255)      	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-indigo
rgb(88, 86, 214)        	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(88, 86, 214)        	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(94, 92, 230)        	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(94, 92, 230)        	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-label
rgb(0, 0, 0)            	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(0, 0, 0)            	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(255, 255, 255)      	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(255, 255, 255)      	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-opaque-fill
rgb(228, 228, 229)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(228, 228, 229)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(43, 43, 46)         	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(43, 43, 46)         	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-opaque-secondary-fill
rgb(233, 233, 234)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(233, 233, 234)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(38, 38, 41)         	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(38, 38, 41)         	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-opaque-tertiary-fill
rgb(238, 238, 239)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(238, 238, 239)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(28, 28, 30)         	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(28, 28, 30)         	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-orange
rgb(255, 149, 0)        	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(255, 149, 0)        	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(255, 159, 10)       	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(255, 159, 10)       	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-pink
rgb(255, 45, 85)        	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(255, 45, 85)        	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(255, 55, 95)        	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(255, 55, 95)        	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-placeholder-text
rgba(60, 60, 67, 0.298) 	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgba(60, 60, 67, 0.298) 	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgba(235, 235, 245, 0.298)	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgba(235, 235, 245, 0.298)	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-purple
rgb(175, 82, 222)       	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(175, 82, 222)       	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(191, 90, 242)       	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(191, 90, 242)       	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-quaternary-label
rgba(60, 60, 67, 0.176) 	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgba(60, 60, 67, 0.176) 	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgba(235, 235, 245, 0.157)	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgba(235, 235, 245, 0.157)	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-red
rgb(255, 59, 48)        	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(255, 59, 48)        	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(255, 69, 58)        	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(255, 69, 58)        	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-secondary-background
rgb(242, 242, 247)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(242, 242, 247)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(28, 28, 30)         	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(44, 44, 46)         	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-secondary-grouped-background
rgb(255, 255, 255)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(255, 255, 255)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(28, 28, 30)         	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(44, 44, 46)         	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-secondary-label
rgba(60, 60, 67, 0.6)   	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgba(60, 60, 67, 0.6)   	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgba(235, 235, 245, 0.6)	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgba(235, 235, 245, 0.6)	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-selected-content-background
rgb(209, 209, 214)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(209, 209, 214)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(58, 58, 60)         	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(58, 58, 60)         	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-separator
rgba(60, 60, 67, 0.29)  	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgba(60, 60, 67, 0.29)  	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgba(84, 84, 88, 0.6)   	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgba(84, 84, 88, 0.6)   	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-teal
rgb(48, 176, 199)       	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(48, 176, 199)       	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(64, 200, 224)       	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(64, 200, 224)       	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-tertiary-background
rgb(255, 255, 255)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(255, 255, 255)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(44, 44, 46)         	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(58, 58, 60)         	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-tertiary-grouped-background
rgb(242, 242, 247)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(242, 242, 247)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(44, 44, 46)         	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(58, 58, 60)         	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-tertiary-label
rgba(60, 60, 67, 0.298) 	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgba(60, 60, 67, 0.298) 	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgba(235, 235, 245, 0.298)	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgba(235, 235, 245, 0.298)	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-text-background
rgb(255, 255, 255)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(255, 255, 255)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(0, 0, 0)            	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(28, 28, 30)         	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-unemphasized-selected-content-background
rgb(209, 209, 214)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(209, 209, 214)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(58, 58, 60)         	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(58, 58, 60)         	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-system-yellow
rgb(255, 204, 0)        	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(255, 204, 0)        	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(255, 214, 10)       	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(255, 214, 10)       	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-apple-wireless-playback-target-active
rgb(0, 122, 255)        	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(0, 122, 255)        	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(10, 132, 255)       	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(10, 132, 255)       	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

-webkit-control-background
rgb(255, 255, 255)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(255, 255, 255)      	useDarkAppearance=false	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true
rgb(0, 0, 0)            	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=false
rgb(28, 28, 30)         	useDarkAppearance=true	useElevatedUserInterfaceLevel=true

PASS successfullyParsed is true

TEST COMPLETE

