To manually test this, change the foreground color and check the resulting debug messages.

On success, you will see a series of "PASS" messages, followed by "TEST COMPLETE".


event.type = beforeinput
event.inputType = formatFontColor
event.data = rgb(255, 255, 255)
event.type = input
event.inputType = formatFontColor
event.data = rgb(255, 255, 255)
event.type = beforeinput
event.inputType = formatFontColor
event.data = rgb(100, 255, 0)
event.type = input
event.inputType = formatFontColor
event.data = rgb(100, 255, 0)
event.type = beforeinput
event.inputType = formatFontColor
event.data = rgb(0, 0, 0)
event.type = input
event.inputType = formatFontColor
event.data = rgb(0, 0, 0)
event.type = beforeinput
event.inputType = formatFontColor
event.data = rgb(255, 0, 0)
event.type = input
event.inputType = formatFontColor
event.data = rgb(255, 0, 0)
PASS successfullyParsed is true

TEST COMPLETE

