This tests that SVG elements with role presentation are not exposed.

On success, you will see a series of "PASS" messages, followed by "TEST COMPLETE".


test1: AXRole: AXGroup
test2: AXRole: AXGroup
test3: AXRole: AXImage
test4: AXRole: AXGroup
test5: AXRole: AXImage
test6: AXRole: AXImage
test7: AXRole: AXImage
test8: AXRole: AXImage
test9: AXRole: AXImage
test10: AXRole: AXImage
test11: AXRole: AXImage
test12: Element not exposed
test13: Element not exposed
test14: Element not exposed
test15: AXRole: AXGroup
test16: AXRole: AXGroup
test17: AXRole: AXImage
test18: AXRole: AXGroup
test19: AXRole: AXImage
test20: AXRole: AXImage
test21: AXRole: AXImage
test22: AXRole: AXImage
test23: AXRole: AXImage
test24: AXRole: AXImage
test25: AXRole: AXImage
test26: Element not exposed
test27: Element not exposed
test28: Element not exposed
test29: Element not exposed
test30: Element not exposed
test31: Element not exposed
test32: Element not exposed
test33: Element not exposed
test34: Element not exposed
test35: Element not exposed
test36: Element not exposed
test37: Element not exposed
test38: Element not exposed
test39: Element not exposed
PASS successfullyParsed is true

TEST COMPLETE

